Author: Yu-Ku Huang

Description of the project:
  The survey aims to gather  information about ADA class students, focusing on their preferences and behaviors. Specifically, the analysis code in Problem 7 examines the association between people's seasonal preferences and the season in which they were born. The null hypothesis posits that there's no association between an individual's favorite season and their birth season. To explore this, a contingency table was created using two variables: 'fav_season' (favorite season)  and 'bseason' (birth seaseon). Birth seasons were defined according to Northern Meteorological season in which participants were born, while favorite seasons are reported by participants. The association between these variables was tested using both the Chi-squared test and Fisher's exact test.

Description of the dataset:
  The original dataset contains 29 observations representing 29 students who participated in the survey. There are 27 questions in the survey, each corresponding to a variable in the dataset. Most variables are character-based, except for 'id', 'R_exp' (R experience levels on a Likert scale), 'coding_comfort' (comfort level with coding on a Likert scale), and 'fav_number', which are coded as numeric variables. 
  
Description of the code:
  The code begins by loading all necessary libraries used thourghout Q1-Q7. In Q1, the original dataset is loaded from a .csv file hosted on GitHub. Q2 code displayed the numbers of observations and variables in the dataset by using nrow() and ncol() function. In Q3, a list of concise variable names is assigned to the original dataset. In Q4, `lapply()` was used to examine each variable type within the dataset. In Q5, the 'bmonth' and 'bday' variables were cleaned and recoded into numeric variables, and the median values of both variables were calculated and reported. In Q6, the 'bseason' variable is created based on Northern Meteorological season, and the contingency table with margin sums is generated to ensure that 'bseason' aligns with 'bmonth'. Finally, the contingency table with 'fav_season' and 'bseason' is created. A Chi-squared test is applied, but since all expected values of each cell are less than 5, Fisher's exact test is used to investigate the association.
   The two-sided p-value of Fisher's exact test showed no significant differences between the two categorical variables, meaning the null hypothesis was not able to be rejected.